hello today finally rented for
you video about your skin care we often
I was asked to make such a video
tell me what i'm doing inside principle
and on the outside so that my skin looked
good enough offered now
in front of everyone in groups so as not to
confused and you say straight through the list
that how and when I do everything first
I was asked what I mean when
saying I'm leaving for the skin inside
I try to eat more vegetables
drink as much water as possible
make our skin more elastic and
corresponding wrinkles appear later
every morning on an empty stomach I try to drink
spoon of olive oil olive oil
has a rich beneficial composition
all sorts of vitamins and which do
more plastic our skin more
pulled to the cell saturate and certainly not
pharmacist
but at the level of amateurs I know that
specially olive oil for the reception
inside
very beneficial effect on the skin
and generally on the general condition of the body
also still periods of olive oil i
put a mask on my face further than me
I wash away with you kiyashko
the last time i switched to dove soap i
just can't do anything else
wash off makeup everything else I'm creepy
dries the skin the same morning when i
wake up first thing i go to the shower and
us or you face just like that soap but in
an exception to a umyvalki
Last time I use garnier
basic care
cleansing gel foam normal
mixed pro grape extract
take it says toxin nothing
such a
if somehow I want skin
more creaked so she was straight
super cleaned then i'm using such
Here is the gel crabs I do not fond of, and
periodically i use
i know scrub from clean line with
checkout bone using it
solely on the nose part a little
little beard and a little on his forehead because if
i use it on my cheeks then not all
creepy to peel off
so what is my tendency to fat
100 last rome I used a mask
from freeman with lemon and mint I think
everyone knows her too and find it somehow
dries the t-zone know this is one of not
many clay masks on this basis,
which should dry up while you are her
use which does not cause special
such straightness and dryness that me
very happy that it is quite possible
use even longer hold than
indicated your face will not turn such
dried raisin
but then she is very so laying gentle
you feel a sense of purity
somehow the mask did work and
cleaned up maybe pores like that
skin condition has improved and I already
telling favorites and in such a mask from
Avon from the solution winter care series
moisturizing gel mask I use it
when i urgently need to teach my face
the order
let's say i'm more real person here
the pillars up to the earth are passionately colored then
I literally put it on for 10 minutes she
just is like a cream that is nothing
there is no she does not dry up mom
her cool water and really skin
somehow it becomes more certain
more childish some pig
the next stage is some kind of tonics
for face
and I also have 2 now only thin
one is a hundred recipes beauty moisturizing
and freshness scarlet pink model adore
tonic it perfectly refreshes the skin perfectly
removes any makeup residues which
God forbid I have not washed away
2 tonic and it is also his plan Kataev
mother presented a series of solution
this tonic is already moisturizing
after using it feelings and
moisturizing on my face I feel that
not just wiped like a cotton pad
oh really face when i fed my
damiano face skin from all very bad
what is rash
I instead of tonic very rarely I do
using chlorhexidine just pouring on
basic disc wipe very well
disinfects this remedy and faster
dries pimples
so let's tell you a little bit with you
course often when my skin
chernitsa starts somehow too strong
I use just such an emulsion from Alla
for normal and oily skin
she is very light very weightless and not
gives such an obvious food as me
it seems she just removes from my face
feelings of tightness and when i know that
my skin in the rank of the day may somewhere over
get fat somehow betrayed then I
I use exactly this emulsion also
relatively recently there are literally three
weeks I use this cream from
garnier basic care cover money
composed
and even though this cream is so light
it is completely matte effect is not
tightens the skin does not listen to her
and instantly absorbed that very
comfortable in the morning and he does an excellent job with
his task does not shine my face but
while it does not feel how
we are overdried by some sting also with
am according to the first make up I
I put some cream under my eyes
special and i need here too
something so easy for him to
I was quickly absorbed and I could immediately
start makeup
I often use it a lot in practice.
one hundred percent of the cases
cream from a clean line light cream for eyelids
at the request of a series of 26
nick that does nothing he does not clean
there is no wrinkles swell carry
i would just use as a barrier between
skin and concealer and final basics
if i say okay or she
on the contrary kaptep dryness and more
leans that i used such a cream
from it, too, the solution series is called
healthy radiance is a moisturizer and in
it accommodate them most often the smallest
particles of some tonal means
when I wear this brand these little ones
pieces like you burst on your face and
visually level the skin very
I like how this cream works
what does he do surs dear and i can even
Do not put toner there powder just
apply it and already the skin becomes very
even such a decent very decent
last thing I have left for you
tell it your own darkly coming out also
before applying it I wash off as
newbies most likely soap up
toning as he way tonic and then
Apply either such a cream is avon
solutions winter care night cream he
very well respected very well
eat when and in the morning after it
wake up that skin is nourished and he doesn't
stays on the pillow accordingly i
I am sure that all night I had on my face
cream and all night he somehow worked fed
I also have this from this series
day cream and since winter is over
It has become quite warm it for a day
he is still too heavy for me therefore I
I am beginning to use it as a night in
these two creams are absolutely practically
identical properties to me even at one time
it seemed that daytime is more bold than
night difference seems to me in these creams
only that day cream has
still spf20 it perfectly protects from such
strong bright sun which
occasionally it happens with us but even so
I use several means before bedtime
for the eye area
the first is more understandable and that
remedy for avon solution also gel for
skin around the eyes
I keep it in the fridge so that it still
more I struggled with bags of edema
noticed that all night I really
sleep and this time look for me look
some healthier and also under
eyes i use such retinol ampoule
and these are the ampoules of vitamin and not their appearance
can only be used at night because
that during the day they can cause pigment
spots under my eyes I pierce either
retinol capsule I either fly with a and
I apply what came out so oily
eye base
need to do this 2 c in two hours at least
before sleep so that everything is so absorbed since i
lover just laugh heartily it
all my life under my eyes are some such
fine wrinkles they are basically not for me
soars especially just lately to me
I want more moisture under the eyes
will appear consists of vitamin a of
Vitamin E and Retinol is made up of pure
retinol and these components are always
used in all creams for
skin regeneration i think you already understood
that all my care mostly consists on
moisturizing i really like to use
some fatty cream butter hope you
I liked what I told you and you
it was interesting and you got at least
some kind of pleasure i have you very much
love and see you next video